# APCSA-Bae-Gina-4
	State Updater Part 1
	1.	The prompt of this project was to write a method that updates the position of an object given the object’s position, velocity, and the time that has passed since the last update.
	2.	This fulfills the specification because I created a class called StateUpdater with the method updateStateUpwardsLaunch(double velocity, double time, double xpos, double ypos), which updates the position of an object launched straight up given the object’s position, velocity, and the time that has passed since the last update. I also made some additional methods: updateStateHorizontalLaunch(double velocity, double time, double xpos, double ypos), which updates the position of an object launched horizontally given its position, velocity and the time that has passed since the last update, and updateStateAngled(double velocity, double time, double xpos, double ypos, double angle), which updates the position of an angled projectile given the object’s position, velocity, angle in degrees, and time that has passed since the last update. I also made the class StateUpdaterTest that contains the main method, which tests each of the StateUpdater methods for  all the cases in which the input variables are set to values between 1 and 20 (prints out whether the output is an accurate calculation or not) and calls each of the StateUpdater methods once and prints out the results.
	3.	I did tests for each of the StateUpdater methods in the StateUpdaterTest class for all the cases in which the input variables are set to values between 1 and 20. All of those tests worked accurately. I also called and printed out each of the StateUpdater methods with input that I chose (not all of the variable values were between 1 and 20 this time), and calculated the position on my own. The output for two of them matched my calculations, but when I put -90 as the angle in the updateSateAngledLaunch method, the x position came out as 2.00000000002043 instead of 2, the correct x position. I believe that this is a rounding off error. I can fix that by researching more about fixing round off errors without having to reduce the number of decimal digits too drastically (I want to make it as accurate and specific as possible), testing more cases, going to Mr. Kuszmaul’s classroom in tutorial to ask for help, and exploring the Java Quick Reference for methods I could use.
	4.	The structure of my code, as aforementioned, is split into 2 classes called StateUpdater and StateUpdaterTest. StateUpdater contains the methods needed to calculate the position of an launched object given the original position, time since the last update, and (for UpdateStateAngled) the angle. StateUpdaterTest uses those methods, prints out the results, and checks if those methods work. 
	5.	Some major challenges encountered in the process of making the code were figuring out how to return a coordinate and how to test the StateUpdater methods. I tried to use the Pair class and was struggled with it for a while, but then realized I could just use an array instead. I wasn’t sure how to compare two double arrays for the StateUpdaterTest but then I decided to compare the arrays’ elements instead, since there were only 2. I also had trouble with the updateStateAngled, but that was solved when I realized that Math.cos() and Math.sin() had to have an angle input in radians. I felt that for my updateStateAngled method, putting in an angle input in degrees would be easier for users, so I added an equation that would convert the angle input from degrees to radians.
	6.	Mr. Kuszmaul helped me during class by explaining the assignment. I used what I learned from Mr. Geller’s Physics H class to make the equations for the updateState methods, and I also used the Documentation Standard file on Schoology to add in the proper documentation for my project.
